Apply Disable ExtAuth from GlobalExtAuth and Remove Auth from HTTP Upgrade (#6661)
projectcontour/contour: changelogs/unreleased/6661-SamMHD-minor.md

## Disable ExtAuth by default if GlobalExtAuth.AuthPolicy.Disabled is set

> Global external authorization or vhost-level authorization is enabled by default unless an AuthPolicy explicitly disables it. By default, `disabled` is set to `GlobalExtAuth.AuthPolicy.Disabled`. This global setting can be overridden by vhost-level AuthPolicy, which can further be overridden by route-specific AuthPolicy. Therefore, the final authorization state is determined by the most specific policy applied at the route level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Global external authorization can now be disabled by default and enabled by overriding the vhost and route level auth policies.
This is achieved by setting the `globalExtAuth.authPolicy.disabled` in the configuration file or `ContourConfiguration` CRD to `true`, and setting the `authPolicy.disabled` to `false` in the vhost and route level auth policies.
The final authorization state is determined by the most specific policy applied at the route level.
```

> ## Disable External Authorization in UpgradeHTTPS
> 
> From now on, Contour will configure Envoy to handle HTTPS Redirection without authorization on routes. (previously if GlobalExtAuth was set, Envoy would check request with ext_auth before redirection which could result in 401 instead of redirection)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Disable External Authorization in HTTPS Upgrade

When external authorization is enabled, no authorization check will be performed for HTTP to HTTPS redirection.
Previously, external authorization was checked before redirection, which could result in a 401 Unauthorized error instead of a 301 Moved Permanently status code.
```
